It is day 8 and i have completed all the validation layers

Ive decided to use neon db for db fn.

Now as for saving the validated yaml file, i can store the entire file as meta data
job
- id (generated by db)
- job definition as text
- job_name (as in text)
- created_at
- updated_at
- scheduled_time

job_runs:
- id (generated by db)
- job id
- scheduled_at
- started_at
- completed_at
- status
- worker_id

## Concepts i learned:
### Synchronous programming:
- Means we define instructions such that each part can only run after the one before has completed execution


### Asynchronous programming:
- Execution can continue without waiting for an operation to complete.
- Internally this may fork threads among other ways to achieve the same

### Blocking threads:
- When an execution comes across an instruction that is time expensive(io/api call/ delay/ db query) it enters a blocked state and cpu context switches(assuming system allows multiprogramming) to another thread.
- This is also called per thread execution.
- OS will create new threads when required, each thread will require its own resources though small in amount.
- The problem occurs when you have like 1000 blocked threads and OS wants to create more threads if one thread takes like 1MB of space that is 1GB of main memory for blocked threads.

### Non Blocking execution:
- When the execution comes across an instruction that might require it to wait, the thread will register this process in a queue as an event and handle other events that are ready to be executed.
- Event loop goes through events and dispatches threads that can run them.
- In this case we have a fixed pool of threads that are reused.
- This becomes useful when you have an application with lot of time expensive instructions.
- Lets say there is a producer creating a 1000 events/sec and we have workers who can effectively complete 100 events/sec.
- The event loop will not regulate this, so the memory usage will blow up eventually.

### Reactive programming:
- Java reactive framework provisions the programming of async instructions, non blocking execution and dependencies between them.
- Applies backpressure on the publisher to control the amount of events published

## Architecture decisions:
- MariaDB + R2DBC
- Spring data R2DBC in place of jpa
- Reactor 
- netty
- Webflux
- Microservices friendly (allow me to separate registration and the runner)

wanted store this in a lightweight low setup db like sql lite but sql lite has no support for reactive stack

TBH i am still understanding reactive so ig i will work on this later
